# Terms of Use(en)

2024-01-01

<b>Article 1 Purpose and Scope of Application</b>
1. These Terms of Use apply to users, members and service providers regarding all services (refer to the definition in Article 2, Paragraph 1, hereinafter “Hiro Service”) provided by U-First co., Ltd (hereinafter “Company”). The purpose is to define the rights and obligations between the “Company” and explains what applies when using the Company’s “Hiro Service” provided on a third-party website or platform. However, please note that in cases where the service is independently provided by a third party, the terms and conditions for each game apply first, excluding content related to “Hero Service”.
2. By using the “Hero Service,” users and members acknowledge that they are adults with the legal capacity to use the “Hero Service,” and that they fully understand these Terms of Use and agree to all items in the Terms of Use. It is considered. If a user or member does not have the legal capacity to use the “Hero Service” or does not agree to these Terms of Use, the user or member must stop all activities of accessing or using the “Hero Service.”
3. When using “Hiro Service,” all services may be interrupted or changed at any time depending on the blockchain network, technology, environment, and general matters, and users and members agree to this. When using the “Hiro Service” or a service directly connected to the “Hiro Service”, you are deemed to have agreed to the contents stated in this document.

<b>Article 2 Definition of Terms</b>
The definitions of terms used in these Terms and Conditions are as follows.
1. “Hiro Service” means the following services provided by Hiro Token.net (www.hiro-token.net) and HIRO WALLET.
1) Digital asset information provision is a service that provides information on digital assets, such as the prices of DANGNN COIN (DGC), HIRO TOKEN (HRT), and various Hiro onboarding game tokens. Details are provided in Article 3, Paragraph 2. Please refer to .
2) Game information provision means that users and members can check information about Hiro onboarding games (game introduction, service homepage link, etc.) through the game information introduction page in Hiro Wallet. Please refer to Article 3, Paragraph 2 for details.
3) HIRO WALLET is an online electronic wallet service based on blockchain technology provided by the company based on the Carrot mainnet. It is an encrypted wallet service required for users to manage, trade and exchange digital assets through PC, mobile applications and websites. It stores private and public keys and is used to use services such as purchasing, trading, and exchange within the Hiro platform. Details regarding the HIRO WALLET service follow Article 3, Paragraph 2.
4) The white paper service provides white papers that allow you to check information on digital assets such as HIRO TOKEN.
5) Carrot, Explorer is a blockchain search function that provides the ability to check various transactions that occurred on the mainnet or private/service chain.
2. “Member” means a person who uses the “Hiro Service” by linking the HIRO WALLET account held by the member in accordance with the procedures required by the company.
3. “User” means a person who uses “Hiro Service” without linking to a HIRO WALLET account.
4. “Games” defines any type of electronic video game.
5. “Digital assets” refers to all blockchain-based items or data in digital format, including not only blockchain technology but also cryptocurrency, game tokens, coins, NFTs, and digital assets derived therefrom.
6. “NFT (Non-fungible Token)” refers to a digital asset on the blockchain that cannot replace one token with another, and within individual game services, some in-game items can be provided as NFTs. .
7. “Cryptocurrency” refers to coins issued by applying blockchain technology (cryptocurrency issued based on an independent blockchain network mainnet) and tokens (a cryptocurrency issued on the mainnet, such as a public chain released without an independent blockchain network mainnet). issued cryptocurrency).
8.DANGNN COIN (DGC) is a digital asset issued based on the DANGNN mainnet and can be used within DANGNN mainnet-based services such as HIRO WALLET and game services.
9. “Game token” refers to a means of exchange (token) used to use the content of game services provided on the HIRO platform or to purchase game items.
10. “Private key” refers to a code (generated by randomly combining numbers and letters) that matches 1:1 with the address of HIRO WALLET, and is an important key for all signatures of HIRO WALLET. Since the private key has signing authority, if it is exposed to the outside, others will be able to make valid signatures, such as sending tokens. Special care must be taken in handling.
11. “HIRO Platform” means all blockchain-based services provided by the company, including HIRO WALLET and HIRO NFT MARKET. Within the Hiro platform, you can use services such as HIRO, various game tokens, and NFT transactions.

<b>Article 3 Hiro Service</b>
The Company offers a variety of services that may include purchase, transaction or exchange content. However, in order to use all services provided by the company, users and members must have an account registered with the HIRO WALLET service or HIRO WALLET. Information, prices and availability of various products or services provided through the Hiro Platform may change at any time.
1. Detailed terms and conditions for each service
Before using “Hiro Service”, please carefully read the detailed terms and conditions for each service. When users or members use the “Hero Service,” methods and precautions to use in an appropriate manner will be provided. Digital assets may be required to use some services, and fees may be charged for using the service. If a user or member uses “Hiro Service” or a service directly connected to “Hiro Service,” please note that you agree to the precautions, detailed terms and conditions, etc. provided by each service. Due to the nature of blockchain technology, digital assets cannot be returned for purchases where digital assets have been used or transactions have occurred.
2.HIRO WALLET
The Company may provide online wallet services for digital asset management through the web or applications. To use the HIRO WALLET service, information such as ID and password is required. The company does not separately store or manage passwords, etc., and it is technically impossible for the company to recover them. Therefore, members are responsible for storing and managing all information necessary to use HIRO WALLET, and if the member loses it, the company is not responsible for recovery. Management of digital assets includes, but is not limited to, storage, transfer, exchange, trading, financial services, and Hiro Wallet services, and services may be expanded through updates, etc. The Company does not guarantee the completeness or integrity of services, including storage, transmission, exchange, trading, and financial services of digital assets, and does not guarantee any damages or compensation arising through the services. All services may be discontinued or changed at any time depending on blockchain network, technology, environment, external regulations, etc., and members agree to this. When using the Service, you are deemed to have agreed to the terms set forth in this document.
The tax treatment of digital asset transactions is uncertain and it is the member's responsibility to determine what taxes, if any, will arise from such transactions. Member is solely responsible for reporting and paying any applicable taxes arising from the Company's services and all related transactions, etc. and acknowledges that the Company does not provide investment, legal or tax advice to the Member with respect to such participation choices. You should conduct your own due diligence and consult your advisor before making any investment decision, including whether to engage in the Services and any related transactions.
3.DANGNN Explorer
The company can provide services that can confirm block creation and transactions that occur on the mainnet or private/service chain. However, we do not guarantee the completeness or integrity of the information provided. Users or members may discontinue or refuse to use the service at any time. The service may be discontinued or changed at any time depending on the blockchain network, technology, environment, and general matters, and members agree to this. When you use the Service or any service directly linked to the Service, you agree to the terms set forth in this document.
4. Provision of coins and game information through “Hiro Service”
The company can provide information services on the value or transaction status (market price) of various digital assets through Hiro Wallet. However, we do not guarantee the completeness or integrity of the information provided. Users or members may discontinue or refuse to use the service at any time.
The games introduced through Hiro Wallet come in a variety of genres, and the method of acquiring digital assets may vary for each game. When using game services, users or members must agree to separate terms of use and policies such as privacy policy, and the company providing the game service is responsible for using the service. Additionally, the company is not responsible for changes in the value of digital assets due to changes in game content or policies.
5.DANGNN
DANGNN mainnet and testnet are decentralized. It is a high-performance open source protocol designed based on security and scalability. Members and users can manage digital assets and use blockchain services through DANGNN. However, we do not guarantee the completeness or integrity of the information provided. Users or members may discontinue or refuse to use the service at any time. The service may be discontinued or changed at any time depending on the blockchain network, technology, environment, external regulations, etc., and members agree to this. When you use the Service or any service directly linked to the Service, you agree to the terms set forth in this document.

<b>Article 4 General</b>
1. Effectiveness and revision of Terms of Use
If deemed necessary, the Company may revise these Terms of Use to the extent that they do not violate relevant laws and regulations. Revised Terms of Use will be announced or notified in advance through electronic means such as email addresses, electronic notifications within the service, or pop-up messages. Please note that the User or Member acknowledges and agrees that these Terms of Use and/or the Services may be modified or changed at any time at the Company's discretion.
If the user or member does not agree to the revised Terms of Use, the user or member may terminate the contract by discontinuing or withdrawing from the service at any time. If you continue to use the service without withdrawing after these Terms of Use have been revised, the user or member is deemed to have agreed to any changes, modifications or replacements. The date of the most recent revision appears at the top of these Terms.
2. Sign up as a member
Anyone who wishes to become a member can complete membership registration and use the service by following HIRO WALLET's registration process as follows. If you register by entering your ID or password incorrectly, you are fully responsible. The HIRO WALLET password and secret phrase entered during membership registration are not stored or managed separately, and we cannot provide assistance if lost.
A) HIRO WALLET membership registration process
Install Wallet App
Log in to your social network service account (Google, Apple, Facebook, etc.)
Policy Agreement
Register ID (combination of lowercase letters and numbers)
Password registration (used for signing all transactions, including transfer of digital assets and approval of services)
Wallet creation completed
3. Consent and duty of care of users and members
By using the company's services, the user or member agrees to the following:
a) Users or members must have sufficient knowledge to use digital assets and/or blockchain-based systems, and must use the service after fully understanding and in particular being fully aware of all advantages, risks and limitations related to digital assets. do.
b) Users or members must not use the company’s services for illegal activities and must not engage in any illegal activities.
c) Users or members control their own credentials (e-mail address, password, or other information provided to use the service) and do not act on behalf of a third party.
d) In order to provide better service, the company may display on service pages or send various information via email, including notifications, administrative messages, and other advertisements regarding service use. If you do not wish to receive commercial emails, please contact the customer center of “Hiro Service” at help@hiro-token.co.kr.
4. Warranty
The Service may contain content and/or links to third-party websites and services from the Company's partners, vendors, game developers, etc. These services or links are provided for the convenience of users or members, and the Company does not guarantee, suggest or imply the safety or suitability of any third party website.
Additionally, the Company is not responsible for maintaining materials referenced from external sites, and does not endorse or guarantee such sites or their services. The Company shall have no liability whatsoever if any damage, loss or other impact results from your direct or indirect use of any content, goods or services available through such third party services and resources. Please note that these services may have their own policies, and the Company has no responsibility or liability for those policies.
5.Update
The Company may, for any reasonable purpose, distribute or provide patches, updates, upgrades, content or other modifications related to the provision of the Services. These updates may cause the Service to be temporarily unavailable. Under certain circumstances, we may suspend, withdraw, or disable your Services for extended periods of time while we deploy updates.
Service interruption due to any cause will be notified or announced through notices within the service, pop-up messages, or members' emails. Reasons that cannot be predicted or controlled by the Company may result in exceptions to prior notice or notice. However, even for these exceptional reasons, the Company will do its best to restore service as quickly as possible.
6. Naming policy
The naming policy applies to all names selected by users and members in the services provided by the company. Basically, all IDs can be freely created, but names that violate the naming policy below may be arbitrarily deleted or changed. - Any form of name that is offensive to others (swearing, slander, profanity, violent words, etc.) All included.)
a) A name that is anti-social and violates relevant laws and regulations
B) Names related to illegal activities
c) Names that slander or disparage a specific group, race, or religion
d) Names that may violate other third party trademarks or copyrights
E) A name that impersonates another person by naming it similar to another person's character name
f) Names judged to have advertising intent (including promotional purposes for specific organizations and profit-making purposes)
4) Names related to services and companies, including Hiro Platform, Carrot, etc. (names that may be misleading when the company provides services, such as Hiro Wallet team, operator, helper, NPC impersonation, etc.)
A) A name that slanders or defends a specific politician or political party
I) Other names that interfere with the sound operation of services
Even if the content does not include the content mentioned above, if the character name causes discomfort to other users or members, the company may take action in accordance with the naming policy.
7.Fraud Policy
Fraud within the service refers to any act that intentionally deceives other users or members for profit. In order to create a healthy environment for using “Hero Service,” the company may check the contents of reported cases and take measures to restrict the use of the service against fraudsters. However, please note that in the case of fraud damage, recovery is not possible as it is caused by personal carelessness or negligence.
8.Account theft policy
Account theft is when the information registered in the account is stolen by another person without the consent of the person concerned, or the member's account information (HIRO WALLET's ID, password, e-mail, assets, private key, secret phrase, etc. refers to any act that causes damage to property, etc.
Account theft is a violation of relevant laws and regulations, and the company is not responsible for any civil or criminal actions that may occur internally or externally to members due to violation of these laws. Additionally, if it is confirmed that someone else's personal information has been stolen without permission, service use for all accounts related to account theft may be restricted.
Responsibility for account theft lies with the person who failed to fulfill their personal information protection obligations, so recovery of damages is not possible.
9.Failure recovery policy
Digital assets lost due to errors or bugs due to technical failures while using the service will be recovered to the extent that it does not cause a strain on the service if technical tracking is possible. However, data changes caused by the user's or member's negligence or carelessness cannot be restored.
10. Protection and use of personal information
The company strives to protect members' personal information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, and the protection and use of personal information is in accordance with relevant laws and the company's personal information processing policy. However, the company's personal information processing policy does not apply to linked services other than those provided by the company, and is subject to the personal information processing policy of the service provider.
Depending on the nature of the service, information that introduces oneself, such as nickname, character, photo, and status information that is not related to the member's personal information, may be disclosed.
The company does not provide members’ personal information to others without their consent, except in cases where there is a request from a relevant state agency pursuant to relevant laws and regulations.
The company is not responsible for any damage caused by leakage of personal information due to the member's fault.

<b>Article 5 Obligations of the parties to the service agreement</b>
1.Obligations of users and members
Users and members must not perform any of the following acts when using the service.
a) Stealing or illegally using the accounts and passwords of other users or members
B) Posting pornographic material on public places or services such as bulletin boards or linking to pornographic sites
c) Acts that infringe on the copyrights and other rights of the company or third parties.
d) Acts that cause malfunction of equipment related to the service or destruction or confusion of information, etc.
E) Collecting, storing and disclosing personal information of other members
b) An act of distributing false information for the purpose of providing property benefit to oneself or others or causing damage to others.
g) Transmitting or posting information (including computer programs) that is prohibited from being transmitted or posted by relevant laws and regulations
h) Impersonating or impersonating an employee or operator of the company or its affiliates, or stealing another person’s name
I) Other illegal activities or acts that interfere with service operation
j) Management and protection of all personal information (hereinafter “generated information”) such as private key, login account, login password, private key password, secret phrase, etc. related to services on the HIRO platform, HIRO WALLET, etc., such as transfer and swap of digital assets. Responsibility lies with users and members. You must not allow third parties to use this.
K) If the user or member's generated information is stolen, leaked, lost or damaged, the company cannot provide any help due to the nature of the decentralized service.
Other) If a user or member loses the right to HIRO WALLET or the generated information and all digital assets that could have been used due to failure to separately save backups, the responsibility for the resulting consequences lies entirely with the user and member, and the company I acknowledge and agree that I am not responsible for this.
Lost digital assets cannot be restored.
m) If a user or member does not comply with relevant laws and all terms and conditions or policies of the company, the company may investigate the user or member's violation, and your use of the service may be temporarily or continuously suspended as follows. .
2. Suspension of service use
A) Content abuse/bug use
Sanction criteria: Acts that seriously affect the system and operation of the Hero service by abusing abnormal content and bugs within the “Hero service”
-Action: Permanent access restriction
B) Inappropriate chatting
Sanction criteria: Use of chat such as spam/swearing
- Measures: 1st - warning, 2nd, 3rd, 4th - account access restriction (3, 10, 30 days)
           Sanction criteria: Use of chat for commercial advertisements, spread of false information, leakage of personal information, anti-social and unethical content, etc.
               - Measures: 1st - warning, 2nd, 3rd, 4th - account access restriction (3, 10, 30 days)
c) Impersonating a company employee
Sanction criteria: Any act that confuses or attempts to confuse other users or members through impersonation.
-Action: Permanent access restriction
d) fraud
   Sanction criteria: When it is clearly confirmed that an act of deceiving others to obtain items or gain unfair advantage or an attempt to do so is clearly confirmed.
      -Action: Permanent access restriction
E) Account theft
   Sanction criteria: Accounts that have traded or hold assets reported as account theft
      -Action: Permanent access restriction
f) False reports
   Sanction criteria: Acts of creating false information such as account theft and reporting fraud/bad users and members with untrue information.
      - Measures: 1st, 2nd, 3rd - Access restriction (10, 30 days, permanent)
G) Naming
   Sanction criteria: If a name in the “Hero Service” such as ID is created with content that is contrary to relevant laws and social order, or contains profanity or obscene language, etc.
             -Action: Permanent access restriction
         H) Use and distribution of illegal programs
           Sanction criteria: When it is confirmed that illegal programs and software/hardware not provided by Hero Service are used to affect the service, or methods for such actions are distributed.
             -Action: Permanent access restriction
         I) Abnormal service access
Sanction criteria: When abnormal access is confirmed by monitoring and system
-Action: Permanent access restriction
        j) Interference with operation and service use
Sanction criteria: Any act that ignores the company's warnings or interferes with normal operations.
- Measures: 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th - Access restriction (3, 10, 30 days, permanent)
           Sanction criteria: In addition to the acts defined above, any act that intentionally/repeatedly interferes with others’ normal use of the service by using content within the Hero service.
- Measures: 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th - Access restriction (3, 10, 30 days, permanent)
Application of the above usage restrictions may be adjusted at the discretion of the company depending on the case.
Violations of different policies may result in higher-level restrictions or more severe sanctions.
We may impose secondary or higher sanctions, rather than primary sanctions, on users or members who engage in unsportsmanlike behavior or disrupt the maintenance of service order within the “Hero Service.”
Even if it is not specifically stated in the above items, if it is determined that a serious problem may occur within or outside of the service, use may be restricted in accordance with the company's terms of use.
3. Responsibilities of users and members
By using the Service, Users and Members agree that they are solely responsible for the use of their login and password for their account, for protecting the registration data provided to create their account, and for all actions taken while using their account. Users and members do not share account information related to the service, such as passwords, secret phrases, or private keys, with anyone, and must manage and protect it themselves.
In relation to in-game items and digital assets, users and members agree to the following terms and conditions.
a) The services provided by the company are limited to the website, wallet and related platform services that can be accessed through PC, tablet, mobile or any electronic device. The Company assumes no liability in relation to in-game items and/or digital assets.
b) The Company is only responsible for the operation and management of the service and does not act as an agent for sellers or buyers of in-game items and/or digital assets. Users and members are solely and directly responsible for any transactions between the parties and for the information provided.
c) HIRO WALLET password, secret phrase, and private key are not stored anywhere and are information managed directly by the member. Since all transactions are signed directly by the member, the member must personally manage the password, secret phrase, and private key required to sign the transaction and strengthen security. Members are responsible for all management.
4. Restrictions on service use in high-risk countries
In order to prevent the use of the Hero Service for illegal activities such as money laundering, the Company may restrict the use of the “Hero Service” in high-risk countries according to international standards (see the U.S. Treasury's OFAC Sanctioned Countries List, etc.). The high-risk countries designated by the company are as follows and may change depending on international standards.
Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, Syria, Belarus, Burma (Myanmar), Central African Republic, Congo, Ethiopia, Iraq, Lebanon, Libya, Sudan, Venezuela, Yemen, Zimbabwe

<b>Article 6 Termination of Service</b>
If a member wishes to terminate the service use contract, he or she may apply for membership withdrawal at any time through the membership withdrawal function and in accordance with the procedures set by the company.
1. When you cancel your membership, you will not be able to log in to “Hero Service” and your use of the service will be restricted.
2. When you cancel your membership, information related to “Hero Service” will be deleted and cannot be recovered.
3. In order to withdraw membership, there must be no DANGNN COIN (DGC) or HIRO TOKEN (HRT) held in HIRO WALLET. Please transfer these assets to another wallet address before canceling your membership. If you have it, you cannot withdraw it.
4. In order to withdraw membership, the member must first give up rights to GAME TOKEN, NFT, and digital assets not supported by the wallet held in HIRO WALLET.
5. Game tokens and NFTs you own cannot be found because the connection permission to Play Wallet is removed when withdrawal is processed.
6. When you cancel your membership, you cannot re-register with the same email address.
7. Once membership withdrawal is completed, the member's information will be deleted from the service, and the company will take appropriate action in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. However, due to the nature of blockchain technology, blockchain-related data cannot be deleted.

<b>Article 7 Copyright</b>
1. Attribution of copyright, etc.
All copyrights and other intellectual property rights for the “Hero Service” provided by the Company and all content within the services produced by the Company belong to the Company.
Users and members may not copy or transmit information (editing, publishing, performing, distributing, etc.) without the prior consent of the company or the provider, among the information obtained by using the services provided by the company. You must not use it for profit or allow others to use it (including broadcasting, creation of secondary works, etc. (hereinafter the same shall apply)).
Users and Members are responsible for all communications, images, sounds, and all materials and information, including conversational text, displayed within the Service or uploaded or transmitted through the Service by Members or other Users (hereinafter referred to as “User Content”). The company permits use of the information in the following manner and under the following conditions.
a) Use of the relevant user content, change of editing format, and other modifications (publication, reproduction, performance, transmission, distribution, broadcasting, creation of secondary works, etc.) may be used freely, and there are no restrictions on the period of use or region. )
B) Do not sell, rent, or transfer user content for the purpose of transaction without the prior consent of the user who created the user content.
c) The company will not use the member's user content that is not displayed within the service and not integrated with the service (e.g., postings on general bulletin boards, etc.) without the member's explicit consent, and the user or member may use such user content at any time. You can delete it.
D) If the company determines that a post in the service posted or registered by a user or member falls under a service prohibition among the obligations of the parties to the contract under Article 5, it may delete or move it or refuse registration without prior notice. .
e) Users or members whose legal interests have been infringed by information posted on communities, bulletin boards, etc. operated by the Company may request the Company to delete such information or post a rebuttal. In this case, the company will promptly take necessary action and notify the applicant.
2. User and member compliance matters
Users and members may not reproduce, transmit, distribute, use, or allow a third party to use this Service or any materials contained therein, unless they obtain separate prior written consent from the Company. You may not use the materials for your own commercial purposes. Additionally, users and members may not rent, lease, sublicense, sell, or transfer the service or any materials related thereto. Users and members are prohibited from removing, concealing or altering the content and ownership of the service, intellectual property rights and all rights related thereto.
When using the service, users and members must not produce or use anything that is identical or similar to the name, trade name, or trademark of the company or third-party service provider, or any sign indicating a third-party product or service or a third-party business. .
This provision is valid while the company operates the service, and continues to apply even after discontinuation of service use or membership withdrawal.

<b>Article 8 Compensation and Indemnification</b>
1. Compensation for damages
If the company or the user or member causes damage to the other party by violating these Terms of Use, the company is responsible for compensating the damage. However, if there is no intent or negligence, there is no liability. In the case where the company enters into a partnership agreement with an individual service provider and provides individual services to members, if damage occurs to the user or member due to the individual service provider's intention or negligence after agreeing to these individual service terms and conditions. The individual service provider is responsible for the damage.
2.Company’s exemption from liability
The Company is not responsible for providing services if it is unable to provide services due to natural disasters or other force majeure.
The company is not responsible for any damage caused by repair, replacement, regular inspection, construction, or other similar reasons of service equipment. However, this does not apply if it is due to the company's intention or negligence.
The company is not responsible for any disruption in the use of the service due to the intention or negligence of the user or member. However, this does not apply if the user or member has an unavoidable or justifiable reason.
The Company is not responsible for the reliability or accuracy of information or materials posted by users or members in connection with the service, unless there is intent or negligence.
The company has no obligation to intervene in transactions or disputes that arise between users or members with other members or others through the service, and is not responsible for any damages resulting therefrom.
The company is not responsible for any damage incurred by users or members in connection with the use of the services provided. However, this does not apply if it is due to the company's intention or negligence.
The Company is not responsible for any failure or loss of expected benefits by users or members by using the Service.
The company is not responsible for changes in the value of users' or members' digital assets.
The company is not responsible for any problems, including recovery, that arise from the user or member's failure to manage the generated information such as HIRO WALLET ID, password, email, private key, and secret phrase.
If all or part of the functions of the service cannot be used due to changes in electronic devices such as PCs and mobile devices used by users or members, changes in mobile device numbers, changes in operating system (OS) versions, overseas roaming, or changes in telecommunication companies, the company will We are not responsible for this. However, this does not apply if it is due to the company's intention or negligence.
The company is not responsible if a user or member deletes content or account information provided by the company. However, this does not apply if it is due to the company's intention or negligence.
The company is not responsible for any damage resulting from the use of the service by users or non-members. However, this does not apply if it is due to the company's intention or negligence.
Regulations and policies related to blockchain and digital assets are currently incomplete and uncertain, and changes in related regulations or policies may affect the services provided by the company.

<b>Article 9 Others</b>
1. Jurisdiction and governing law
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed, governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Singapore. If a dispute arises between a user or member and the company in connection with the use of the service, mutual efforts will be made to resolve the dispute between the parties, and the user or member may request dispute resolution through help@hiro-token.co.kr. Nevertheless, if the matter is not resolved, a lawsuit may be filed, and the user and member agree to designate the court of Singapore as the competent court.
2.Language
The official language of these Terms of Use is English, and even if the Company provides users and members with translations in other languages, users and members acknowledge that the translations are only provided for the convenience of users and members, and that the English version of the Terms of Use is provided to users and members. I agree that it applies to our corporate relationships.
If there is a conflict between the English version of the Terms of Use and the translated version, the English version will take precedence.
3. Separability
If any part of these Terms of Use is found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under any applicable local law or jurisdiction of any relevant court, then such provision shall be ineffective in such locality or jurisdiction, but the remaining Terms of Use will remain in effect.

Announcement date: O O, 2024
Effective date: O O, 2024