# Privacy Policy(en)

2024-O1-O2

<b>General Provisions</b>
U-First co.,Ltd (hereinafter referred to as “Company”) values users’ personal information and complies with the Personal Information Protection Act and related laws to protect rights, lawfully processes personal information and manages it safely. . Accordingly, through this personal information processing policy, the overall processing of personal information, such as the current status of personal information processing, such as collection, use, provision, and destruction of personal information, matters regarding measures to protect users' personal information, and methods of exercising users' rights. We will inform you of the details.

Article 1 Purpose of collection and use of personal information
1. The company processes personal information for the following purposes. The personal information being processed will not be used for purposes other than the following, and if the purpose of use changes, necessary measures will be taken, such as obtaining separate consent in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Act.
① User management/service use/collaboration inquiry/customer inquiry
- Personal identification, confirmation of intention to join, confirmation of intention to collaborate, age verification, provision of content, record preservation for dispute mediation, handling of civil complaints such as complaint handling, delivery of notices
② Service improvement
- Service maintenance, improvement and management (including failure response, data analysis and testing)
③ Use of marketing and advertising
- Providing advertising information such as benefit information, various event information, and new service information

Article 2 Retention and use period of personal information
1. The company processes and retains personal information within the personal information retention and use period agreed to by users when collecting personal information or within the personal information retention and use period pursuant to laws and regulations.
① HIRO WALLET: 30 days after withdrawal request (however, if there is transaction history, it will be retained for 5 years after withdrawal request)
② Marketing and advertising use: Until you opt out of receiving advertising information
③ Retention of personal information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations
- Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, etc.
Records of display/advertisement: 6 months
Records of contracts or subscription withdrawals, etc.: 5 years
Records of payment and supply of goods, etc.: 5 years
Records of consumer complaints or dispute resolution: 3 years
- Communications Secrets Protection Act
Records of website visits: 3 months
- Framework Act on National Taxes
Books and supporting documents for all transactions stipulated by tax law: 5 years

Article 3 Personal information collection items
1. The company processes the following personal information items.
① Use of service
Service name Personal information items processed
HIRO WALLET required: User identification information for each platform
(Google/Apple/Facebook (in case of AOS)), email address, date of birth, wallet ID, wallet address
SELECT: ZIPCODE
② Marketing and advertising
Service name Personal information items processed
HIRO WALLET Select: Email Address
③ Customer inquiry
Service name Personal information items processed
HIRO WALLET required: email address, wallet address, wallet ID, device OS and version

2. The following information may be collected during the service use process.
Service use records, access logs, IP information, bad use records, PC MAC information, mobile device information (MAC, device unique identification information, model name, mobile carrier information, OS information, language and country information, advertising ID)

<b>Article 4 Provision of personal information</b>
The company processes users' personal information only within the scope specified in the purpose of collection and use of personal information, and provides personal information to third parties only in cases such as the user's consent or special provisions of the law. is not provided to third parties.

<b>Article 5 Entrustment of Personal Information</b>
1. In order to smoothly process personal information, the company entrusts personal information processing as follows.
Entrusted person (trustee) entrusted work
U-First Co., Ltd. operation management and agency, customer support services
Amazon Web Services, Inc. (Seoul) Cloud service operation
2. When concluding a consignment contract, the company shall, in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Act, prohibit processing of personal information other than for the purpose of performing consignment work, technical and managerial protection measures, restrictions on re-entrustment, management and supervision of the consignee, and matters related to responsibility, such as compensation for damages. We specify this in documents such as contracts, and manage and supervise whether the trustee handles personal information safely.
3. If the contents of the consignment work or the trustee changes, we will disclose it through this personal information processing policy without delay.

<b>Article 6 Destruction of personal information</b>
1. The company destroys the personal information without delay when the personal information becomes unnecessary, such as when the personal information retention period has elapsed or the processing purpose has been achieved.
2. In cases where personal information must continue to be preserved pursuant to other laws and regulations despite the expiration of the personal information retention period agreed upon by the user or the purpose of processing has been achieved, the personal information shall be transferred to a separate database (DB) or storage location changed. Save it differently. (Refer to ‘Retention and use period of personal information’)
3. The company destroys personal information recorded and stored in the form of electronic files so that the records cannot be reproduced, and personal information recorded and stored in paper documents is destroyed by shredding or incineration.

<b>Article 7 Rights and methods of exercise of users and legal representatives</b>
1. In principle, the company does not collect personal information from users under the age of 14.
2. Users can exercise their rights, such as requesting the company to view, correct, delete, or suspend processing of personal information, at any time.
① Users and their legal representatives may withdraw their consent to provide personal information (withdrawal) at any time. To withdraw your consent to provide personal information, you can withdraw your consent by clicking on the “Withdrawal Menu” within the service. (However, if personal information is destroyed due to withdrawal, related information created and accumulated while the user used the company's services may also be destroyed.)
② To exercise your rights, please contact the Personal Information Protection Manager in writing or by email (privacy@hiro-token.co.kr) and we will take action without delay. However, if there is a justifiable reason, the company may refuse a request to view or correct all or part of the user's personal information. In this case, the company will notify the user of the refusal and explain the reason.
③ Requests for correction and deletion of personal information cannot be requested if the personal information is specified as the subject of collection in other laws and regulations.

<b>Article 8 Matters concerning measures to ensure the safety of personal information</b>
1. The company is taking the following measures to ensure the safety of personal information.
① Management measures: Establishment and implementation of internal management plan, operation of dedicated organization, regular employee training
② Technical measures: Management of access rights to personal information processing systems, installation of access control systems, encryption of personal information, installation and update of security programs.
③ Physical measures: Access control to computer rooms, data storage rooms, etc.
2. In order to ensure the safety of personal information, the company is carrying out the following activities in addition to matters stipulated by law.
① Personal information protection activities: Operation of a dedicated personal information protection organization, personal information protection training for personal information handlers

<b>Article 9: Matters concerning the installation, operation, and refusal of devices that automatically collect personal information</b>
1. The company uses ‘cookies’ to frequently store and retrieve usage information in order to provide individualized services to users.
2. Cookies are small text files that the server used to run the company's website sends to the user's computer browser and are sometimes stored on the user's computer hard disk.
① Purpose of using cookies
It is used to provide more convenient services to users by maintaining login sessions and calculating visitor, session, and campaign data for website analysis reports.
② How to install, operate and reject cookies
Microsoft Edge: [ ] at the top of the web browser > [Settings] > [Cookies and site permissions]
Chrome: [ ] at the top of the web browser > [Settings] > [Privacy and Security] > [Cookies and other site data]
Internet Explorer: [Tools] at the top of the web browser → [Internet Options] → [Privacy] → [Advanced]
③ Users have a choice regarding cookies. However, if you refuse to store cookies, you may have difficulty using customized services.

<b>Article 10 Domestic agent and personal information access request department</b>
1. The company is responsible for overall management of personal information processing, and appoints a domestic agent to handle user complaints and provide relief for damages related to personal information processing.
① Domestic agent
Corporate name: U-First Co., Ltd. (CEO Kim Seon-rin)
Address: Room 201, 45 Mira 3-gil, Ssangyong-dong, Seobuk-gu, Cheonan-si
Email: privacy@hiro-token.co.kr
2. Users may request access to personal information in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Act to the department below. The company will strive to promptly process users' requests to view personal information.
① Personal information protection department/Personal information access request reception/processing department
Department Name: Personal Information Team
Email: privacy@hiro-token.co.kr
3. Users may inquire about all personal information protection-related inquiries, complaint handling, damage relief, etc. that arise while using the company's services to the personal information protection manager or responsible department. The company will respond and process user inquiries within 10 days.

<b>Article 11: Relief for violation of user’s rights and interests</b>
1. Users may apply for dispute resolution or consultation to the Personal Information Dispute Mediation Committee, Korea Internet & Security Agency Personal Information Infringement Reporting Center, etc. to receive relief from personal information infringement. For other personal information infringement reports and consultations, please contact the organizations below.
① Personal Information Dispute Mediation Committee: (without area code) 1833-6972 (www.kopico.go.kr)
② Personal Information Infringement Report Center: (without area code) 118 (privacy.kisa.or.kr)
③ Supreme Prosecutors' Office: (without area code) 1301 (www.spo.go.kr)
④ National Police Agency: (without area code) 182 (ecrm.police.go.kr)

<b>Article 12 Matters concerning changes to personal information processing policy</b>
1. This personal information processing policy is effective from OO OO, 2024.